---
title: Diary Entry 014a
date: 2025-10-01
summary: Discussion about the "In Whose Name" Ye documentary
tags:
  - Philosophy
  - Disillusionment
  - Ye
  - Music
  - CP
series: General
slug: diary-entry-014a
---
Just watched that Ye doc (In Whose Name) on a bootleg or whatever they call it when someone takes a vid in the theater.

It has done a number on me in many some ways.

But I will note this now while it is present: I took a look through his discography around now, right after finishing, and realized it's all emptiness. A few separate ideas ringing true: it's all shit, it's all emptiness, it was all good -- all of course a perspective, I am not going to say it is not obvious that it is relativistic in nature, but whatever, who knows what the fuck I'm even saying.

It's all a big nothing. He is somehow a genius. But it's all sort of unimpressive. But the reality-me is bogging me back down: but what of the literal work he did? Larry, you have to understand, that literal work is what he wanted to do with his life. You have your own literal work. For the last time, you do what you must do. You dearest motherfucker. And so, it was all a big nothing. I see how you can start talking about God now. Perhaps that is why I lean to speak with Him or of Him as well. But alas, philosophically speaking, or perhaps better put, in terms of my life, or perhaps even or actually better, in terms of honesty or truth expression (there are no good (or is it "sure" (lol)) terms, are there gentlemen... perhaps in terms of CP?), I cannot be sure and must open up more pathways. 

