---
title: Diary Entry 017
date: 2025-10-17
summary: Likely hard to read as it's very my-internals/stream heavy, but you know you wanna try.
tags:
  - Philosophy
  - CP
  - Pussy
  - Experimental
cosmetic-tags :
  - Experimental just means "bullshit"
  - Experimental doesn't just mean "bullshit"
  - Oh look! He presented a diametrically opposed contradiction!
series: Concept Principle
slug: diary-entry-017
---
They don't feel us.

What's the point in thinking if it's always going to be thinking-colored.

"But the thinking kind can change."
"But the thinking color can change."
"But the thinking nature can change."

No. There is a point in which we are no longer talking about thinking. "Thinking" becomes an empty vessel for concept. I am talking about what is left of "thinking" when you strip it as much as possible between you and me on what we mean by it, if you have also participated in life up until now. And if you are from the future, may I, or do I, pray for you?

So what is left? Well see we are doing it right now. Something related to linguistics, words, it's something sort of Lockean in diffusion of parts, something not exactly that, something about trusting one's surfacing perceptions, thoughts, and such and such. Something else. What is it? It's got this, oompf to it. And I do not want to merely describe the feeling of it, but I do think such a quale is a vessel of something to be gleaned. But, let us put aside that, albeit interesting, conversation of qualia causality or whatever.

So so so. Come on. Stop the circles. But you can't stop the circles. But it's colored in thought -- shall we give examples Mr. Wittgenstein? It seems everyone is arriving at the same answers over and over at some point. It can't be logic in of itself, but that is a trivial metaphor of the principle I'm speaking of if we are to think of it causally... which it must be? It's like everyone is doing the same shit over and over again. But what does this "like" mean? When I say such a thing where is that coming from? 

Oh, Concept Principle! Right, I nearly forgot.

So it is all steeped, according to CP, in "that-isms" -- no, just call it pointing. See, fundamental CP problem: it's got itself in it. So my professor would just say "symbolic experience" and call it a day totally ambiguously. And yet I understood what he meant. And yet writing it down diminishes it. In a way that man just passed a bit of God through. Nice little quote I just wrote huh? Nah, sound bite. "Fuck yeah." Anyways, I can't be the faggot philosopher who pretends something new was done by isolating it as "that-isms" when "pointing" was already fine enough. But the whole problem is none of it does anything fucking at all!!!!! *That* is the color of thought. *That*. Ugh. "That." But what of the piece of God? Even *that* is a color of thought, for it's passing upper to lower in a prophetic manner. Okay, even if I didn't use such words to describe it, since whence do I move from description to anything real, the color which lets us see colors ("sure, restate the same shit in new verbage/creative perception-invoking or n-th-principle-wrapping-construction-that-need-little-unwrappings-that-seem-native-to-many-brains"), is dictating this keeps happening. So prophets and "that"-ers. And they'll call me a genius for this bullshit. And the ones that don't still will probably feel a bit of genius irregardless as they themselves need to see bullshit too and may think themselves as modern genius alongside me as past genius which they supercede. But on my statement, it's so called true and completely unoriginal withstanding whatever that may be withstood, meaning some grandoise fight or movement in the head against another part and/or movement. Exciting!

Well so we got the prophets and "that"-ers apparently, at this point I can't tell if I've given up and am just accepting this for shits or out of pain or out of tears or tiredness or laziness or pure axiomatic logical devils advocate faggotry or what... "comma lets go:", and so there we go. That's the character of thought so far. Great definition. Modern day philosopher they'll call him 🤣🤣🤣 oh my God it's all so shit. But hence the point. If these are examples rather than totalitarian coverage than have I escaped Wittgenstein? Or is it just his scars in me, or has he scarred me, or did I have it all the whole time? Well, hopefully all that helped somehow. My professor just says "symbolic experience" and that shit already makes sense. They'll call it an epistomological puzzle or some other nonsense but in some senses its been called "trust," yet also many other things that ring true to me, such as spiritual transference, and also total hallucination in the LLM-sense, or self-delusion.... or recollection of the forms... et cetera. Typed out et cetera fully. Feeling so literary in the sense of being a meta-literary literary guy....... so now I'm double meta! Take that world! I'm the next synthesis! 😂😊See what I mean by nothing original, all the same shit?

So what's the point? Gonna need something new? Sounds sensible enough to me. Why though? New *feels* good, *sounds* good. But logic or my brain or some concept speaks of the concept principle. And infinite regress. And yet a concept tells me: is there anything inherently wrong with infinite regress? But I'm now so utterly bored of such an application of the realization of the non-causality of description, etc, and increasingly other applications, it just goes to show the feeling of it all being the same shit. There is something underlying all of this fucking nonsense, as though while our moves are infinite, they're all moves. But deeper than that. As though there is genuinely a new theory, a new binding article of greater complexity than that, something more to describe about it than that. But the problem is if one, as I seem to want to much, wants to move past description in of itself or whatever, theories, etc... or at least our very understanding of them, but then one wants to move past even "modifying our very understanding of them or identifying mistakes in them // changing tenses // realignment of souls/minds/fucking whatever." Now I am getting mildly frustrated. Moving past moving past things can come to mind -- a general principle being tested for whatever reason, and yet again, this idea of a gen principle in fucking whatever ways as was said being tested and arriving and yes and yes... all the same shit!!!!!!!!!!

Goodnight -- angrily he said. I want a girl to slather her fucking pussy and I just want her to understand how disgusting it is, but this can only be interesting from a so called degenerate for the unspoken reason between me and you that you seem to pick up (even this line of thought, is getting old and stale, and is unoriginal), and then be totally middling and apathetic about the sexual itself with me for a moment, and then return to grace and consume each other. Then hurt one another. Ah, just to feel something real. What about it? So boring too right? This entire paragraph. Right, Charlamagne da fucking God?